DAY 3 ASSIGNMENT :

1.	What is meant by Ellipsis and Variadic functions?

	The function that called with the varying number of arguments is known as variadic function. 
	Or in other words, a user is allowed to pass zero or more arguments in the variadic function. 
	fmt.Printf is the example of the variadic function, it required one fixed argument at the starting
	after that it can accept any number of arguments. In the declaration of the variadic function, 
	the type of the last parameter is preceded by an ellipsis, i.e, (…). 
	It indicates that the function can be called at any number of parameters of this type.
	
3.	Concurrency vs Parallelism 

	Concurrency: Concurrency is about dealing with lots of things at once. This means that we manage to get multiple things
	done at once in a given period of time. However, we will only be doing a single thing at a time. 
	This tends to happen in programs where one task is waiting and the program decides to run another task in the idle time.
	Parallelism: Parallelism is about doing lots of things at once. This means that even if we have two tasks, 
	they are continuously working without any breaks in between them. 
	
4.	ORM [Object Relational Mapping] :: ORM Library 
	Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) is a technique that lets you query and manipulate data from a database using an object-oriented paradigm.
	When talking about ORM, most people are referring to a library that implements the Object-Relational Mapping technique,
	hence the phrase "an ORM". An ORM library is a completely ordinary library written in your language of choice that encapsulates the code
	needed to manipulate the data, so you don't use SQL anymore; you interact directly with an object in the same language We're using.
5.	REST & API's : Main concepts & End Points
	REST stands for Representational State Transfer.Any API (Application Programming Interface) that follows the REST design principle is said to be
	RESTful. API stands for Application Programming Interface. It is a way for your application to interact with other applications via an endpoint. 
	Conversely, you can build out an API for your application that is available for other developers to utilize/connect to via HTTP methods,
	which are RESTful. Representational State Transfer (REST):
		GET: Retrieve data from an API endpoint.
		PUT: Update data via an API - similar to POST but more about updating info.
		POST: Send data to an API.
		DELETE: Remove data from given API.